What do you say, old man?
Damn Xiaoxiao, you damn girl, I don't know where you went
Ouch, I'm fine, parents.
250,000 we can still get our hands on it
I heard that the kid of the Zhou family offended the people on the road
Kicked out of Kyoto
Then we don't have to pay back the 250,000
Yes, my son is still smart.
enter
master
What's up?
Are you uncomfortable?
Not really. No, actually.
It's just that I think these days
I was a little too idle.
I want to go out and look for a job.
I'm not happy
No, of course not, very happy
It's just that my uncle and I flew together after all.
Look, I eat and drink for free at your house every day
Then I feel a little sorry in my heart
Don't feel embarrassed.
You just live here
You're not completely in good health now
We'll discuss it after you take good care of it.
No, uncle, I know you are doing it for me.
But look.
I'm alive and kicking
Will you let me out?
Okay, but
In your current physical condition
That kind of manual work can no longer be done.
This
It's not what you girls should do
And easy to find by your parents
You are right
Interested in songwriting
We are both music
It is second to none in the country
Are you interested?
technician
Can I really go to Technician Music Company to study?
Ah!
Uncle, you are too kind, thank you uncle.